very good and welcome one more day as
today behind me we are in the event
presentation of call of duty skinny 2 and
well let's take a walk and see what
they do not have prepared
yes
and
we started the account
two
the luck to talk to them
and director
we can
he is always in need
because it's been two years
fifty
you have to really think well
m
d
now
the same
plus
where
I have asked what things
good
children
but
the these
the best bad you have seen
good is a personal reality
What's up
we will support
needs milk
then in this case
ah
one
and about him
good as he says
this thing too
I would love to
thank you very much for being with
we county
gutters
hello I am has already will be and I have been the
responsible for presenting the launch
of the video game call of duty black ops 2
so I want to say hello very
strong and a very big kiss to all
gamers and all white points is
that nothing remains for you that goes by
you that I hope you enjoy it
the truth that there is a lot of news
we have spoken with the live sound director
that takes care of all the sounds we
It has been said that records everything really such
and how it sounds and nothing you enjoy that
you play now you have multiplayer
also with zombies that you have a lot
of innovations that the president of the
2025 is a woman, you can not lose it
of a lot of news
weapons and obviously the future
because a cold war between the us and
Chinese in the year 2025 because it gives a lot
so nothing that you enjoy
well this has been all the truth
is that we have had a fantastic time
especially with our friends the
zombies and well I hope you have
liked and we can in the rest